Updates default value for replication_sync_timeout (#5186)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/configuration/cfg_replication.rst

    |
    | Type: float
    | Default: 0
    | Environment variable: TT_REPLICATION_SYNC_TIMEOUT
    | Dynamic: yes

    .. NOTE::

>         The default ``replication_sync_timeout`` value can be changed to 300 by using the ``compat`` module.

Reviewer: It creates the erroneous impression that only two values are possible: 0 and 300. This is not the case. I think it would be better to avoid "300" and replace it with "old value" or similar. The link provided to compat option will reveal the necessary details.

Author: Updated, thank you!

    |
    | Type: float
    | Default: 0
    | Environment variable: TT_REPLICATION_SYNC_TIMEOUT
    | Dynamic: yes

    .. NOTE::

        The default ``replication_sync_timeout`` value can be changed to the old default value (300) by using the ``compat`` module.
        More information on changing the default value via the ``compat`` module 

>         see in :ref:`Default value for replication_sync_timeout <compat-option-replication-timeout>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        For more information on changing the default value via the ``compat`` module, 
        see :ref:`Default value for replication_sync_timeout <compat-option-replication-timeout>`.
```
